I told you that dragons have inverse scales.
you must die
But
You are not qualified to die at my hands
Break your legs
Kneel down and apologize
If you provoke the wrath of heaven
Then we can only chase down the nine clans
This kid I admit you have two brushes
But what are you talking about?
Destroy the Nine Clans
ROFL
Who knew that the Great Xia Heaven was under one person?
Wu Weijun above ten thousand people
It's up to you, you dare to chew out wild words
Xiao Zhan
Don't be wrong again and again.
I really thought I was invincible
Mouth of weathering
I don't know
Behind Zhao Dejin
He is the king of the entire Great Xia underground world
No matter how powerful you are as a little fairy
Can you escape the flood dragon?
Jiaolong, you look down on Shura too much
He is the real little blind man
Boy, I think you're crazy
Since you don't take King Xiule seriously
Do you really think no one can clean you up?
I might as well tell you
I'm here today.
That was the bowl holder of King Shura
He wants to be here
Expect a great person
That's why I'm in Li Qingcheng
Now you're making trouble here
You have delayed his family's affairs
I'm telling you there's no big shot here at all
However, dog bites are indeed the responsibility of the owner
Since he is coming
Let him kneel
Confess your sins for what you have done
Otherwise, the Lord of the Underground King of Great Xia